hello everyone we are going to introduce
a new product minute poha we have three
different packaging sizes 100 grams this
has 250 grams and this is to 500 grams
available into the market when it poha
is basically just to give you a brief
intro milk provides basically a rice
flakes made poha a product which people
Indian people generally eat in their
breakfast items it is very healthy it's
light and it's highly fibrous now you
won't you don't have in the speciality
of this product is you don't have to
cook it you don't have to add any of the
spices to it all of the spices are there
in itself in this product and it is in
the free Cooper form all you have to do
is to add little hot water to the
product and it will be ready to eat now
this is the kind of a product which you
will be getting into the package you can
see easier this is raw
dry form for ha which would be coming
out of the packet you have all the
spices and ingredients already added to
it and in which includes peanuts and
curry leaves as well we have three
different flavors into it one is classic
which is little bit on the sweeter side
one one is a chili M which is on the
spicier side where the people who love
spicy and one is on the veggie Plast
which means that it has three different
kind of vegetables added to it one has
onions carrots and potatoes to that now
this the flavor I am going to produce
here is classic basically now what you
have to do is just to take a little bit
of hot water first you have to pour the
poha into the pipe into any of the
utensil which you have available it
doesn't matter whether it is a metal or
whether it is glass or any plastic or
anything you have you can take any of
the utensils which you have and start
adding hot water to that and add it up
to the level of the poha make sure that
the level level of the water does not
exceed the level of the poha otherwise
the poha will be wet now you can see
clearly that I am what I have done is I
have added our water to the poha so that
the Quahog will be x11 of the water
would be exactly up to the level of the
power and the water is not above the
poha you can see it right from the sides
that the water is exactly at the same
level of the pool now keep it
undisturbed for next 15 minutes not 30
not 14 not 16 exactly up to 15 minutes
by seeing at your watch and by closing
the lid and keep it aside for next 15
minutes
after 15 minutes when you open the lid
of the poha your poha would be exactly
like this you can see it is ready to eat
now and it is in the each and every
flake is separate and it is highly its
its appearance is extremely good now
what you can do is if you want and if
you there it's an optional choice you
can add a little bit of tomatoes after
that as a topic if you want to make it
more tastier you can add a little bit of
onions to that and if you want you can
have little bit of them key into that
like this and it's now ready to eat well
in the veggie blast you don't have to
add any of the onions because it already
has carrots onions and potatoes to that
and so thank you for watching our video
and we are hopeful that it would be this
would be of great help and if you have
any of the questions please let us know
are all the information is on our
website thank you